alright was good guys back from our
sneaker review it's been quite a while
since I've done one I haven't really
picked up anything great lately I guess
you could say um this over in
review it's a numerous shoe or try get
out there see people really want it was
couple videos on YouTube about it but
nike trying to render medium olive black
laser orange SL is a colorway size 11
retail and these is eighty dollars the
box these come in is like the Janowski
boxes even though it is kind of a
running shoe but it's a nike athletic
box white paper plushies first here's
something look I'm not sure up to all of
his income really well on camera but
these are how they look I think it's a
pretty decent looking shoe pretty good
looks good on feet in my opinion when I
first saw pictures of it I wanted to get
them and now that have them pretty
satisfied just get right into it start
with the toe box it's the olive color
way in a really soft nubuck and that's
on the toe box and I'll surrounding the
toe box on this section or in the middle
going up the strap in the other side is
a black rough new book I really want to
say it might not be new but I'm not
really a hundred percent sure on the
material in this one if you have them
and you know what material they are in
person please let me know it's going to
be that same material on the swoosh and
then on the back heel
on the inner you're going to have all of
color way in the mesh on the tongue is
going to have a checkerboard like
pattern you got your olive oval laces
and then the triangle ACG up here since
the chef is blocking it right here
surround by black triangle inners olivan
acgs in the laser orange color way insel
decent up black and there's a CG on the
bottom cantaloupe I can't see it the
heel or the heel tab is going to be in
your black and laser orange color way
and it has like triangle like design
mitzel all white with black speckles I
think it's a nice touch to the shoe
makes a little more different a lot of
shoes have the speckles nowadays on a
lot of running shoes training shoes but
that was a nice touch to put on these on
the bottom all white and you got your
black hit up here and then at the heel
not really much this you'd really basic
um they do fit true to size i'm going to
show you guys what leads a look on the
feet in just a sec retail for eight
dollars like i said if you're looking
for a location to buy them try your
local pacsun I was surprised when I
trics all these in person at PAX I
didn't purchase mine from pacsun I got
him off East Bay you check footaction
Foot Locker champs I believe it may be
Zappos they also have the game of blue
colorway and then the black one I'm
going to try to get the black one game
blue soon and try to review those um you
have any other questions about it let me
know i'm about to show you this what
these look like art here's out the nike
trainer renders it like on feet
I just see one strap in and one is it
kind of give you guys a better
perspective on how you guys went to
where or how they would look they both
look pretty good to me regardless I were
like the call away a big fan of olive or
the olive being orange call away like I
said before they fit shoe size I would
not recommend going a half size down if
you have to chew the size and half size
up
other than that I guess I'm before it
got any questions about it please let me
know try comment below please like
comment subscribe and this is my review
of the olive Holloway nike trainer
Edgar's and thanks for watching